#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Malumn
add_core = WAD
owner = WAD
controller = WAD
culture = tunjur
religion = shamanism
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
trade_goods = livestock
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Malumn"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 0
center_of_trade = 1
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
