#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Kadugli
culture = tunjur
religion = shamanism
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = livestock
native_size = 50
native_ferocity = 4
native_hostileness = 7
capital = "Kadugli"
is_city = no
extra_cost = 10
center_of_trade = 1
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
