#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Samland
add_core = TEU
owner = TEU
controller = TEU
culture = prussian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = naval_supplies
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Samland"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 0
center_of_trade = 0
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
